1. Today I worked on cost optimisation where I started analyzing the billing patterns for resources in GCP for last 90 days
-Based on my findings there are certain resources where I need to investigate the behaviour of applications running in UAT environment.

2. Today I went to confluence and started creating notes on our existing infrastructure.
-Based on those notes I can suggest some strategies to improve our infrastructure.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting Notes:

1. So far I am working bucket object deletion. One of the bucket objects has been deleted and second bucket process has been initialed.
2. On cost optimization task. Last week I have analyzed the compute engines workloads for anomalies and any changes.
Same I did for composer based clusters where multiple nodes are bearing the workloads. Now to get more in depth knowledge on this. 
I have tried scheduling a meeting with Liang but he's on vacation. So now for this week I am going to have meeting with Satish and Linlin on the same matter.
Once I will get a better understandin of workloads in the UAT environment then I can create a report on cost optimization strategies what we can implement.
3. Apart from this Last week I had few meeting with Yihan to resolve the session timeout error. 
So far the load test looks fine the session timeout error occurance has been significantly reduced. But still satish and team are still performing some load tests to be sure.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Composer2:

1. As per the meeting with linlin and sathish, there are certain load testing going on UAT enviroment for composer2.
2. They have started these test from mid september and they are expecting it to continue testing until end of October.
3. Currently they're running 150 to 500 sessions each day in load testing which is expected to continue in the prod environment as well.
4. Once testing is done they are planning to implement composer2 in production environment.
5. My conclusion by understanding the composer2 billing patterns and workload is that, we can optimize it on a level of machine configuration which will happen during the time of resource provisioning in production environment.
6. I am planning to collaborate with Liang on this and try to optimize the composer2 so that it can run efficiently and we can save some cost.


Cloud Logger:

1. As per the meeting with Linlin and other team members yesterday, I undeerstand that there are alot of error logs accumulated in GCP.
2. These extra logs are not useful and we need to find out a way to filter them.
3. Once we can identify and filter them then we can actually migrate the important logs to Datadog.
4. Another way is we can ignore the migration of logs to save cost and create a new dashboard specifically for Log monitoring in GCP itself.
5. In order to accomplish this task I need to collaborate with Sathish and team to understand the use of these logs better.
6. And then I can find a way to filter them and use the important logs to create a dashboard in GCP.

Compute Engine:

1. So far I have Identified few VMs which are not in use and are in Idle state. So we can remove them.
2. Along with that few VMs are not working on high load task. So for those we can down grade there configurations.
3. Mostly VMs what I found are basically nodes for GKE cluster. So I need to investigate there configuration and behaviour furthermore.
